In this module, you learned about Spring Security events,
how to create a custom event and event listener to perform
email verification of newly registered users,
how to request additional evidence from your users,
like a security pin, and how to extend the UserDetails,
Authentication token, and AuthenticationProvider to handle it,
finally how to create a custom authentication filter to handle
two-factor authentication using Google Authenticator.
In the next module,
we will look at improving the user experience using Spring
Security's Remember me functionality, which will allow your users to remain authenticated between sessions.